Python Provider 2.3.0 Release Notes (#1109)
Azure/AppConfiguration: releaseNotes/AzureAppConfigurationProviderPython.md

[Source code][source_code] | [Package (Pypi)][package] | [Samples][samples]

## 2.3.0 - November 12, 2025

### Features

* Added support for Azure App Configuration Snapshots, `SettingSelector` now has a `snapshot_name` parameter
* Added support for periodic refresh of key-vault references. Adds `secret_refresh_interval` to the `AzureAppConfigurationProvider` `load` method. This allows the provider to refresh Key Vault secrets at a specified interval. It is set to 60 seconds by default and can only be set if using Key Vault references.
* Added support for async library to allow both sync and async `on_refresh_success` callbacks.

> * Added support for Configuration Setting Mapping, new `configuration_mapper` parameter to the `load` method, allows for a callback to be added to modify configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for configuration setting mapping. A new `configuration_mapper` parameter was added to the `load` method. This allows for a callback to be added to modify settings retrieved from the server before they are made available for consumption in the application.
```
